.. _v1.2.0:

1.2.0
=====

Fixes
.....

Enhancements
............

* Added ``_config`` module and the ability to skip the dataset decoding step in
  C-STORE operations by setting ``_config.DECODE_STORE_DATASETS`` to False
  (:issue:`282`)
* Consolidated and improved the robustness of the transport related code
  (:issue:`42`):

  * Added ``transport`` module
  * Added ``AssociationSocket`` class that wraps a client ``socket.socket`` to
    provide integration with the Association state machine. In particular all
    ``recv()`` and ``send()`` operations are now wrapped in try/except blocks
    to emit state machine event 'Evt17' when the connection is closed.
    (:issue:`204`)
  * Added ``AssociationServer``, and ``ThreadedAssociationServer`` classes
    to provide association acceptor services.
  * ``fsm.AE_1`` is now properly implemented and state machine event 'Evt2' is
    now emitted in a non-trivial manner.
  * Added ``AE.start_server()`` which allows operation in both blocking and
    non-blocking modes.
  * Added ``AE.shutdown()`` which allows the user to shutdown all non-blocking
    association servers that may be running.
  * Support for TLS added via the ``tls_kwargs`` keyword parameter for
    ``AE.start_server()`` and ``AE.associate()`` (:pull_release:`175`,
    :pull_release:`71`)
  * It should now be possible to both request a C-MOVE operation and act as the
    destination for the request's C-STORE sub-operations over a new association
    within the same AE instance by running a non-blocking Storage SCP.
    (:issue:`5`, :issue:`181`)

Changes
.......

* ``AE.quit()`` removed as per planned deprecation.
* ``DIMSEMessage.ID`` removed as per planned deprecation.
* ``ACSE.is_released()`` removed as per planned deprecation.
* ``ACSE.release_association()`` removed as per planned deprecation.
* ``AE.start()`` is deprecated and will be removed in v1.3, use
  ``AE.start_server()`` instead.
* ``AE.stop()`` is deprecated and will be removed in v1.3, use
  ``AE.shutdown()`` instead.
* The ``AE.port`` property and ``port`` argument for ``AE()`` are deprecated
  and will be removed in v1.3. Use the ``port`` parameter for
  ``AE.start_server()`` instead.
* The ``AE.local_socket`` attribute is deprecated and will be removed in v1.3.
* The ``AE.address`` attribute is deprecated and will be removed in v1.3.
* The ``AE.bind_addr`` attribute is deprecated and will be removed in v1.3. Use
  the ``address`` parameter for ``AE.start_server()`` and the ``bind_address``
  for ``AE.associate()`` instead.
* Changed the default DIMSE timeout to 30 s.
* The ``acse_timeout`` parameter to ``ACSE()`` and ACSE.acse_timeout``
  attribute removed, the ``Association.acse_timeout`` value is used instead.
